Update changelog and history for corePKCS11 update (#752)
FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS: README.md

The [FreeRTOS 202112.00](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS/tree/202112.00) release
adds the [Fleet Provisioning for AWS IoT](https://github.com/aws/Fleet-Provisioning-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk/) library, as well as an [example demonstrating its use](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS/tree/release-candidate/FreeRTOS-Plus/Demo/AWS/Fleet_Provisioning_Windows_Simulator/Fleet_Provisioning_With_CSR_Demo).

> This release also includes CBMC proofs for all public and private functions in the [OTA Update library](https://github.com/aws/ota-for-aws-iot-embedded-sdk). The [corePKCS11 library](https://github.com/FreeRTOS/corePKCS11) has updated its mbed TLS version. Additionally, the [Sigv4 library](https://github.com/aws/SigV4-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk/) has been updated with various performance improvements and bugfixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release also includes CBMC proofs for all public and private functions in the [OTA Update library](https://github.com/aws/ota-for-aws-iot-embedded-sdk). Additionally, the [Sigv4 library](https://github.com/aws/SigV4-for-AWS-IoT-embedded-sdk/) has been updated with various performance improvements and bugfixes. The version of mbed TLS used in corePKCS11 and in demos has been updated.```
